---
title: "TIL- April 25 - 30"
date: 2019-04-30 12:26:28 -0400
categories: jekyll update
---

# TIL - April, 25

## python

### reverse() vs reversed()
* reverse(): takes no argument. doesn’t return any value.  
* reversed(): takes as input sequence. return  reversed argument.  

* range(a, b): from a to b but doesn’t count b.


### repr type?
>python3 and python2 supports almost the same string format. str() returns human-readable string but repr() returns interpreter-readable string. If you want to print quotes itself, you might need to use repr() with string addition.


### string formatting in python:

```python
"{0} {1} {2} {3} ". format(sequence)  
```
{n} is replaced by nth item of arguments of format.

```python
string = ‘{0} {1} {2} {3}’
```


<!-- Using python format string with lists  
print(string.format( -->


### unpacking and packing

Unpacking: Splitting sequence into several independent items  
Packing: opposite for unpacking  
**Remained Question: why do I need to put unpacked variable into .format() function?**

#####  symbol:
* *: for lists                 
* **: for dictionaries 

#### as function argument:  

```python
function(object) #doesn’t consider object as several arguments.  
function(*object): #consider it as several arguments
```

>some python2 version doesn’t support object unpacking with star marks.


### Division in python3
* Long floating numbers made by division is automatically shortened when printing out in python3  
Ex) when a = 1.6888888898989898

```python
print(“{0}”.format(a)) #print out 1.7
```

* Doubling can print out {{ }} brackets.
---
## Intro to computer science

Measurement of Network
Bandwidth: an amount of data transmitted from the starting point to the end point in certain time  
Latency: an amount of time required to transmit data from starting point to the ending point.  

* Add new key and value pair to dictionary

```python
dictionary[newkey] = 5
```

Division in python3:
1. /: returns float number if needed  
2. //: returns integer output  
___

## etc:
1. Skip new line feed
```python
print(“서울”:end:” ”); print("부산")
```

2.  Input function returns output as string.
